# GhostGameWeb
Web application to run game plays of Ghost against computer

GhostGame is the main class for playing an optimal game of Ghost.  The
puzzle description from ITA's website is:

In the game of Ghost, two players take turns building up a word from
left to right.  Each player contributes one letter per turn. The goal
is to not complete the spelling of a word:  if you add a letter that
completes a word (of 4+ letters), or if you add a letter that
produces a string that cannot be extended into a word, you lose.
(Bluffing plays and "challenges" may be ignored for the purpose of
this puzzle.)

Write a program that plays Ghost optimally against a human, given the
following dictionary: wordlist.txt. Allow the human to play first. If
the computer thinks it will win, it should play randomly among all
its winning moves; if the computer thinks it will lose, it should
play so as to extend the game as long as possible (choosing randomly
among choices that force the maximal game length).

This implementation uses a Web Application written in AngularJS over
an ASP.NET webservice. ÇThe aim is to allow the user to upload the wordlist
file and then provide the input to play the game, getting the response from
server and displaying the information in a responsive web site.

Ghost game JAVA source code is copyright 2012 by Patrick May.  All rights
reserved.
@author Patrick May (patrick.may@mac.com)
@author &copy; 2012 Patrick May.  All rights reserved.
@version 2

C# translated code from Java, Web application, web service and any nuget
packages are generated by Damian Alvarez 
@author Damian Alvarez (damian.alvarez@gmail.com)
@version 1
